A very cheerful good morning to the principal, all teachers, staff members, and students. How charming and beautiful is today’s sunrise and indeed, every sunrise is a new opportunity we should not miss it, we should wake up and enjoy the sun. I hope you all have started your day with a positive attitude, full energy, and a smile.

A new morning is a new beginning and a new hope. We all need to give full efforts and have the perseverance to achieve our goals and there isn’t any shortcut to achieve success. A small positive thought can change our whole day, and starting your day with positive thoughts and discipline can change your life.

Moreover, starting your day positively is quite essential and if you start your day in a positive mood, you will remain happy and disciplined throughout the day. You can start your morning with positive thoughts and take a moment for personal gratitude. Be grateful for whatever you have, if you express gratitude about your life, you will feel more optimistic and happier about your life. Respect yourself, your parents, your teachers, and everyone in your surrounding be a kind person and a very organized student.

Set some goals for your school time and after-school activities, because creating goals for your day not only sets you on the right track to success but also helps you feel happier and organized as well. Create a list of things you hope to accomplish throughout the day, set a timelimit, and show efforts to achieve those goals throughout the day.

You all should feel guilty to be in the learning environment here, where millions of children do not get to go to school. You all come to school every day with clean clothes, complete school material, and money to buy food. We should be honored that all our instructors are qualified enough and are the best teachers to help you learn something new every day. Remember, we do not just learn here in the school to read and write, but we should learn a way to live our life here, we learn how to carry on ourselves in the world out there and how to live an admirable life.

I hope that when you attend your classes after the assembly, you may fizzing with enthusiasm, excitement, and passion to learn something new and have a lot of funs throughout the day. Thank you everyone for listening and for organizing such a marvelous and an organized morning assembly. Now move to your respective classes and have a nice day!